Hi, guys.
Welcome.
No, we are not obligated to save our users data, and this is a step.
We are also going to save the user data in this class store database.
Okay.
Now, before we set up disaster database, we are going to sign in again.
Now I want to go to my hundred hub.
Then I'm going to click on log in.
Okay.
Now we're going to wait for this is going to pop out.
The model was trying to show you.
Oh, yes, they did not.
So it is.
We have not.
Okay.
I want to pass my email.
So, my colleague.
Famous.
At G.M..
This.
Come on, this.
Okay.
I'm just going to approve this from my phone.
Go from there.
Okay?
Yes.
Fortify.
Okay, great.
So you can easily just click on that more ways to site and then we'll look.
We can't agree.
Okay.
He's going to sign us and send.
They've got to redo this.
I just have to do to clear your hundred data in your use of the same data that to show you this from
scratch again.
Okay.
Now I want to click on assets.
Great.
Now we are currently.
Sign in.
Now I can easily go to this and come back.
Over here.
And that's a give that.
A refresh.
Okay, great.
Now, what I said is we are not only going to save the data over here, we are also going to be also
going to save the users data in this faster database.
We don't really want to have access to the email.
We also want to have access to the.
We also want to have access to the user.
And that is the display name.
We want to have access to the user for.
So that is attached to the Google account on.
Okay.
Now, unfortunately, really, we can't have access to that over here or we can't display or that way
because it only display the email and the user uid.
Okay.
Now.
We're going to go now to the faster database.
Okay.
We've just got to wait for this.
Okay, great.
We're going to click on Create Database.
Okay.
Nice asking for us to choose between the start and production.
Build or start and test.
I'm just going to go with is starts with.
Stop and tell us what they click on clicking like this.
Okay.
I'm going to go with the defaults and they go.
You can see provisioning the cloud faster.
This is going to take some while I have a little patience for this.
Okay.
Set.
Now security rose.
Okay.
Almost dawn.
Great.
They did not upload data over this cloud first or we need to set of some rules and then not to do that.
Navigate to this rule step.
Okay.
Now, yours might not look exactly like this, but whatever it is, all you have to do is to get rid.
So this part.
Delayed.
Delayed, delayed, delayed, delayed, delayed, delayed.
Gets rid of this.
You're going to live just to read.
Drugs.
So make sure you had your semicolon.
That's this won't allow with a write in otherwise create and.
Creates, I think, a fetch on what it would delete, create and order.
So it does what is basically we going to click on publish.
Okay.
Great.
Now what we can have or what is data?
We are going to have a user coalition.
Okay.
I can just create this.
You're going to have a user collection where all our users are going to be stored.
Now each user is going to be connected to this user's collection with an I.D..
Over here, you can see a collection was contained at least one document.
What do we mean?
What documents they're referring to is single user.
So you can either call it a single user or one document clerk fast, or you need more storage documents,
store your data as feels.
Or to do that, a document ID or cluster what if you need a wallet is basically saying is you can just
generate a cluster of ID or click on this matter or to generate.
Okay now our user is going to have a user name.
Which is a type of drink and because it is a test.
And the username is going to be the user.
Display name, which is attached to the Google account.
Right.
So just to say.
My colleague.
Users are also going to have a photo.
Right.
You can see the image, which is going to be the user image that is attached to the Google accounts.
Okay.
So this is basically it's.
Now I can just get rid of.
I can just go ahead and save.
Okay.
Now you can see why we have this useless collection.
How do we have this single user, which you can refer to it as a document?
Now you can see the whole connection with this, this collection and this document.
It is.
What's this ID?
So I using this idea to connect sports users collection together more like we are saying, we want to
hide this document or this single user.
So this collection.
Okay.
So this is also basically saying now we are not going to be creating this manually.
We're going to create it from code.
So we're going to get rid of this user's collection.
So delete collection.
Then we're going to type in.
They users like click on delete.
Okay, great.
Then in this lecture, we are going to store our data to this store database.
Okay?
Okay, guys, see you in this lecture.